docs(CL): position fungification (#5079)
osmosis-labs/osmosis: x/concentrated-liquidity/README.md

position in the canonical concentrated liquidity pool. No locks are involved in
this migration.

## Position Fungification

> There is a possibility to fungify fuly-charged positions within the same tick range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a possibility to fungify fully-charged positions within the same tick range.
```

Assume that there are two positions in the same tick range and both are fully charged.

As a user, I might want to combine them into a single position so that I don't have to manage
positions inside the same tick range separately.

> Therefore, I execute `MsgFungifyChargedPositions` that takesa list of position ids to fungify

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, I execute `MsgFungifyChargedPositions` that takes a list of position ids to fungify
```
